Update workflow description validator (#113)
rapid7/icon-integrations-validators: README.md

## Changelog

> * 2.27.1 - Update Workflow Description Validator to validate exist `description` in .icon file | Update Workflow Description Validator to validate that the workflow `description` in .icon file matches the description in workflow.spec.yaml

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* 2.27.1 - Update Workflow Description Validator to validate existence of `description` in workflow .icon file | Update Workflow Description Validator to validate that the workflow `description` in workflow .icon file matches the description in workflow.spec.yaml
```
